well it's been a little while since I've
had a look at a zombie gear product but
today I have these our gear swift
it is a genuine gaming surface and I'm
going to zoom in on that so you can see
exactly how genuine it is I don't know
if you can actually read that that's
good even closer zowie gear swift
genuine gaming surface so if you are a
genuine gamer this is probably your
surface all right why don't we go around
to the back of the box where you will
discover more about it it is made of a
complex plastic compound so as you may
or may not have gathered already this is
a plastic mousepad okay the next thing
about it of note is the fact that it is
textured so it combines speed precision
and control there's a fast mousepad
hence the name Swift okay it has a
rubber base so it doesn't move you can
refresh it with water so you can clean
it with water and rounded edges for a
higher level of comfort so it's not
gonna like cut your wrists while you're
moving your mouse around and it is
tested and approved for all types of
mice and I was actually I did as a gear
on boxing win a while back and I was
criticized for not knowing who this guy
is I said that he looked like some
random guy he's a dude yeah the
backwards cap or something along those
lines and this is apparently a disome at
spawn Mohammed and he wants to use his
gaming experience to develop products
for all the different types of gamers he
has tested it with optical and laser
mice and finds it to be up to his
meticulous standards so I apologize for
not knowing who that was before now I
know he's a professional gamer alright
so why don't I get this seal broken and
we'll get this thing out of the box
because that's what this is it is an
unboxing this is the box and this is it
undecide alright so then we have a piece
of paper covering the back of the
mousepad
alright and this is actually a lot nicer
looking in person enough than it was
through a box so that's why I'm boxing
is so important because you can actually
see if any no I have actually got a
mouse kicking around here
where is it oh yeah okay I've actually
got a um here's a
SteelSeries what is this this is a 5l
and then I've got a lot to catch g7 so
you can see for our size comparison the
Swift is a little bit taller than a 5l
but also not quite as wide okay so you
can see the five ball sticks up behind
but the Swift is a little bit taller and
let's have a look at the at the rubber
material on the bottom so the final uses
SteelSeries trademarked uh like random
splashes of rubber on the back which is
quite effective and the Swift uses oh
this is this is kind of clever too
they've got their their logo kind of all
over the place and it's in little thin
thin bits of rubberized in this so you
see once I put this down you see once I
put this down there is like no way it's
going to move terribly important Wow
even it's like stuck to the table a
little bit you can refresh with water as
they mentioned a couple times on the box
alright so I'm going to do this and that
should give you some idea that it is
slippery my g7 feet are in fairly
horrible conditions so okay you know
what just for the heck of it because I
don't really know how to compare a mouse
in an unboxing or a mousepad I should
say there's the five element I can't
tell if there's a difference but I can
tell you right now that based on just
this this quick test I don't know what
the tracking would be like but the 5l is
a slightly slower mousepad and I mean
that makes sense given that is actually
a a plastic coated cloth surface whereas
this is a pure plastic surface it's
quite rigid okay so it's not all that
flexible which is probably a good thing
because I know it might my desk at work
it drives me crazy uh there's actually
like it's it's got a plastic table it's
like just a work table that I sort of
snagged at some point I remember how it
happened and it's not quite even so if I
use anything that's not a very hard
mousepad I actually use an SP at work
then it as I move my mouse across it
goes
it's not not very nice anyway thank you
for checking out my unboxing of the Zoe
Swift blue gaming mouse pad endorsed by
spawn the gamer and I'm looking for my
remote and this is not happening for me
here so I'll just pretend